[GH#50385]: Bug fix for CLI doc prereqs (#50597)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-installing-cli-web-console.adoc

----
====

> * Optional. If you want to use the verification steps for this procedure, you must install the OpenShift (`oc`) CLI.

Reviewer: Based on the [ISG guidance](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-procedures#indicating-optional-and-conditional-steps) on optional and conditional steps, I think that this would fall under a conditional prereq. But I can see how this is certainly an edge case between optional and conditional. :) 

My reading on that guidance is that `Optional:` is to be used in procedure steps. In the OpenShift docs, we also use it in callouts. With those two points in mind, I would recommend cutting the Optional prefix.

If you do decide to leave it, the ISG does specify use of a colon over a period.

> * Optional. If you want to use the verification steps for this procedure, you must have installed the OpenShift (`oc`) CLI.

Author: ```suggestion
* Optional. If you want to use the verification steps for this procedure, you must install the OpenShift (`oc`) CLI.
```

----
$ echo $PATH
----

.Verification

* Run the following commands to check that the correct Knative CLI resources and route have been created:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get ConsoleCLIDownload
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                  DISPLAY NAME                                             AGE
kn                    kn - OpenShift Serverless Command Line Interface (CLI)   2022-09-20T08:41:18Z
oc-cli-downloads      oc - OpenShift Command Line Interface (CLI)              2022-09-20T08:00:20Z
----
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc get route -n openshift-serverless

Reviewer 2: I think we can omit this one.

----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
NAME   HOST/PORT                                                                            PATH   SERVICES                      PORT       TERMINATION     WILDCARD

> kn     kn-openshift-serverless.apps.ci-ln-0r8c2st-72292.origin-ci-int-gce.dev.rhcloud.com          knative-openshift-metrics-3   http-cli   edge/Redirect   None

Reviewer 3: Should we use a more abstract example hostname, like, e.g. `kn-openshift-serverless.apps.example.com`?  

We don't want to expose details of internal infrastructu

Author: SGTM, can you review any examples here and suggest abstract / example values for them please?

> NAME   HOST/PORT                                                                            PATH   SERVICES                      PORT       TERMINATION     WILDCARD
> kn     kn-openshift-serverless.apps.ci-ln-0r8c2st-72292.origin-ci-int-gce.dev.rhcloud.com          knative-openshift-metrics-3   http-cli   edge/Redirect   None

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
NAME   HOST/PORT                                  PATH   SERVICES                      PORT       TERMINATION     WILDCARD
kn     kn-openshift-serverless.apps.example.com          knative-openshift-metrics-3   http-cli   edge/Redirect   None
```
